# DIF C&C - Presentation Exchange, Credential Manifest and Friends Weekly (C&C WG) â€“ Rolling Agenda & Minutes

## Meeting - 14 Mar 2024 - (1300 ET)

### Agenda

1. Recap of OIDC4VP / PE discussion
2. Gary's issues with PE implementation
3. Review outstanding PRs and Issues
4. Check in on 2.1 scope
5. What can we do to help comparison of PE approach to alternate format-specific approach
6. Other topics?

### Discussion

- PE Profile for OIDC4VP: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r7S36RFNsnCOrYbkyTFE5ybPBalT-hERSnzKQ2rzcX8/edit
- Discussed https://github.com/decentralized-identity/presentation-exchange/issues/472; making MUST -> MAY would imply `input_descriptors` is now MAY
  
### Decisions
- Kim to email everyone to draw attention to last call issues
- Daniel check with Gabe

### Attendees
Daniel Buchner, Gary De Beer, Kim Duffy, Martin Riedel
